# Science Review World Premier Website
This website hosts the our movie submition to the 30MFF. 

I wanted to create a fun website where any interactor that visits the website can leave witha smile on their face, which I believe conveys the comedic theme of the film itself. 

Being a not so funny person, I spent extra time and energy trying to make the user interface as engaging and fun as I can with my current skill set. I wanted the website to include sounds, animations, several pages, and maybe a news feed and real science videos. 

First of all, I started by creating the landing page with a navigation bar on the top and then the film title and film. I picked light yellow as the background color to convey the calm and laid-back feel I want the interactors to feel as they go onto my website, and I used a slightly light shade of red to convey important information and to grab the user's attention to certain parts of the website. While I was coding the other pages (about, episodes, news feed, real science videos), I realized that I was shifting/dividing the focus of the interactor from the film to the channel creating the film. Therefore, I ended up adding the 'about' to the landing page and removing the other irrelevant pages.l

The interactive elements that were added were intentionally left hidden or without a "click here" sign on them to give interactors the sense that they are DISCOVERING fun things to play with on the website rather than perceiving it. Every member on the cast has two images on the website: one that portrays him as someone professional that is shown and another one that is hidden and funny (or supposed to be, humor is not part of my skill set), and by hovering over the professional one interactors will get to see the funny picture that portrays another part of their life that is reflected in their bios. The "themes discussed on our show"  section of "About Us" is also interactive. it contains four still images, each conveying a certain theme or topic, and by hovering over them a gif animation and a sound effect describing this theme start playing. I deliberately left the themes without naming them to give the interactor the freedom in making up their own mind on what this theme is, also relating to the overall theme of discovery over learning, which is what "science review" is really all about! 

Looking back, I think the most pivotal decision I made was to let go of all the ideas I had for other pages, which allowed me to focus on delivering one page which connects nicely with the theme and conveys the story and theme of the film. I think this whole process taught me how relevance and quality are definitely better than quantity when it comes to web design. If I had seen the final product before taking this class, I probably would not have liked it because it did not have that many elements to it. When I started working on the website, I saw that there was much more to designing a website than coding or creating elements. It is an art. There is so much "feel" that goes into it. Now, when I open my website, I can feel that the entire focus is on the film and the people behind it, rather than on the show, or worse... science! 
